868 Create and fill map_layer table (#905)
LayerManager/layman: CHANGELOG.md

### Upgrade requirements
### Migrations and checks
#### Schema migrations
- [#868](https://github.com/LayerManager/layman/issues/868) Create new table `map_layer` in prime DB schema.
#### Data migrations
- [#765](https://github.com/LayerManager/layman/issues/765) Fix `issuer_id` value in `users` table that was broken since v1.21.0.
- [#765](https://github.com/LayerManager/layman/issues/765) Remove `authn.txt` files from workspace directories. The same information as in `authn.txt` files is saved in prime DB schema.

> - - [#868](https://github.com/LayerManager/layman/issues/868) Fill table `map_layer` with relations between maps and their layers also published on this Layman installation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - [#868](https://github.com/LayerManager/layman/issues/868) Fill table `map_layer` with relations between maps and their layers published on this Layman instance. Relations to layers from other servers are not imported into the table.
```
